Ms. Wang was so complimentary.
I mean, Tang Thieu came with me.
Road Di.
Ah.
It's the Grand Master.
No shame in being a Yale graduate.
I really admire Don.
But you and Snow Plague.
Learning for 50 years.
It's not like Tang lacks a backward young person with sharp eyes.
It's embarrassing.
I know you said it was Master Tang.
Only the first man in our dorm has such talent.
That's right, not like self-boasting scum.
It's annoying.
Can you not take me?
Don't blame the bear, right?
You're welcome.
Have you forgotten one more?
You said I really remember.
Mr. Ye, right?
If you have already bet.
Is now the time to make a bet?
It's been three minutes.
Do you have anything else to say?
Jiang Shen Di was clearly reminded by Ms. Wang to try to save her for the second time.
How can I count as losing?
Whether it's a secondary deformation or not
Jiang Chen is still an old man.
The month is in effect
What else are you preparing?
Yeah, get on your knees and crawl out.
Get out! Get out!
That's great.
Everybody.
Mr. Ip is absolutely not a fraud.
It's talent that's born with real bravery.
I just wanted to introduce him to his sister.
Want him to be a big help to our royal family.
Of course you're a martial artist.
Even if art takes away names, seniors are rare talents.
Miss Wang has my help.
It will surely make you Dang Wang the first wonder of the world several times.
Has anyone ever told you anything?
Write to listen
The way you laugh is disgusting.